README.md, before:

# Choose Your Own Adventure

##### By Catherine Bradley, Mel Yasuda, Victoria Oh, Regina Nurieva, and David Mortkowitz 30/08/2018.

## *Description*

A Javascript-powered Choose Your Own Adventure website that allows you to explore a branching narrative.

## *Behavior-driven Development*

| Specs         |Input Example| Output Example|
|:-------------:|:-------------:|:-------------:|
| Player is able to click through a single storyline.| Upon start, Player clicks button on each "page" to proceed. | Player is able to proceed through storyline and come to a linear conclusion without issue. |
| Player is able to make choices and "alter" their storyline. | Player chooses option "A" (vs "B" or "C") | Result is path "a" (vs respective path "b" or "c") |
| Player is able to access a total of 3 storylines. | Player's first walkthrough experience. | Player's 2nd+ experience is different from first, so long as alternate options are chosen. (up to *x* total storyline permutations.)|
| Player is able to reset the story. | Player clicks "reset" button to start over. | Click "reset" | Takes player back to title page. |
| Program will receive the player's name and replace the adventurer with the player's name throughout the story. | Bob | "Does Bob choose to fight the Dwarves?" |
| Program has locked player characters, which are accessible with access code. | e.g. code: "epic0du5Win" | access to additional characters. |
| "Winning" the game provides an "unlock" code. | Positive storyline outcome | e.g. code: "epic0du5Win" |
| An "auto-win" character | Choose auto-win character | Always leads to positive outcome/ending. |
| An "auto-lose" character | Choose auto-lose character | Always leads to negative outcome/ending. |
| Turn page animation | Click a path option button | Pages of book simulate what it looks like to actually turn a page(s). |
| Turn page audio | Click a path option button | Audio that simulates what it sounds like to actually turn a page(s) plays. |

## *Setup/Installation Requirements*

1. Clone this repository by using Terminal command:
```
    $ git clone https://github.com/dmortkowitz/choose-your-adventure.git
```
2. Change into the work directory from download location using Terminal command:
```
    $ cd
```
3. Open the project in your preferred text editor.

4. To run the webpage, open it in any browser.

## *Known Bugs*


## *Support and contact details*

Please contact me at dmortkowitz [at] gmail.com for questions or feedback.

## *Technologies Used*

* Atom
* HTML
* CSS
* Bootstrap v3.3.7
* JavaScript
* jQuery v3.3.1    
* Git
* GitHub

### *License*: MIT.

#### *Copyright* (c) 2018 Catherine Bradley, Mel Yasuda, Victoria Oh, Regina Nurieva, and David Mortkowitz

Commit message:

Update README to include bugs and known issues.

README.md, after:

# Choose Your Own Adventure

##### By Catherine Bradley, Mel Yasuda, Victoria Oh, Regina Nurieva, and David Mortkowitz 30/08/2018.

## *Description*

A Javascript-powered Choose Your Own Adventure website that allows you to explore a branching narrative.

## *Specifications*

| Behavior         |Input Example| Output Example|
|:-------------:|:-------------:|:-------------:|
| Player is able to click through a single storyline.| Upon start, Player clicks button on each "page" to proceed. | Player is able to proceed through storyline and come to a linear conclusion without issue. |
| Player is able to make choices and "alter" their storyline. | Player chooses option "A" (vs "B" or "C") | Result is path "a" (vs respective path "b" or "c") |
| Player is able to access a total of 3 storylines. | Player's first walkthrough experience. | Player's 2nd+ experience is different from first, so long as alternate options are chosen. (up to *x* total storyline permutations.)|
| Player is able to reset the story. | Player clicks "reset" button to start over. | Click "reset" | Takes player back to title page. |
| Program will receive the player's name and replace the adventurer with the player's name throughout the story. | Bob | "Does Bob choose to fight the Dwarves?" |
| Program has locked player characters, which are accessible with access code. | e.g. code: "epic0du5Win" | access to additional characters. |
| "Winning" the game provides an "unlock" code. | Positive storyline outcome | e.g. code: "epic0du5Win" |
| An "auto-win" character | Choose auto-win character | Always leads to positive outcome/ending. |
| An "auto-lose" character | Choose auto-lose character | Always leads to negative outcome/ending. |
| Turn page animation | Click a path option button | Pages of book simulate what it looks like to actually turn a page(s). |
| Turn page audio | Click a path option button | Audio that simulates what it sounds like to actually turn a page(s) plays. |

## *Bugs & known issues*
1. Typos and/or filler text snippets accidentally left in.
2. Scroll textbox is not responsive/scale with change of browser.
3. Page turn animation effect does not work.
4. If player would like to make an alternate decision, the player must reset the game to the beginning. Unable to go back to the previous branch.
5. Soundtrack does not play upon load.
6. Some images may not be oriented properly relative to the book background.
7. Some paths may abruptly end on a blank page.

## *Setup/Installation Requirements*

1. Clone this repository by using Terminal command:
```
    $ git clone https://github.com/dmortkowitz/choose-your-adventure.git
```
2. Change into the work directory from download location using Terminal command:
```
    $ cd
```
3. Open the project in your preferred text editor.

4. To run the webpage, open it in any browser.

## *Known Bugs*


## *Support and contact details*

Please contact me at dmortkowitz [at] gmail.com for questions or feedback.

## *Technologies Used*

* Atom
* HTML
* CSS
* Bootstrap v3.3.7
* JavaScript
* jQuery v3.3.1    
* Git
* GitHub

### *License*: MIT.

#### *Copyright* (c) 2018 Catherine Bradley, Mel Yasuda, Victoria Oh, Regina Nurieva, and David Mortkowitz
